# AI_Usage_Journal
INST326
AI Usage Journal
Bushra Hussain
bhussai1@terpmail.umd.edu
Section 0302
Week 1

This week I used AI while working on the exercises to explain certain python 
concepts and to provide coding examples for concepts including f-strings and replace. 
I did not use AI to complete any of the exercises. I did not use AI for debugging. 
Here are my AI chat links. https://chatgpt.com/share/68c77576-649c-800e-945d-f2c9f3962bdf 

I tried out Copilot this week and did not have a good experience. 
After receiving generic results that did not give me clear responses to my questions. 
After giving clarity as to what I was asking the prompt was still not answered and responded
to move on rather than continue working. I learned a lot about why different AI models return such different
results on the same prompts. Turns out that it's about biases in their way of learning from their 
audiences and what its source is.  


Week 2
This week I did not use AI while working on the excercises at all. 
Instead I referenced our lecture as well as got help from our TA with 
certain errors that I did not understand.

For our week 2 discussion, I used ChatGPT to help with building a better study routine to stay ahead of assignments and ensure that I have a successful semester. I used ChatGPT because it gave the best results when I previously compared two different AI models. I gave a copy of my schedule and other commitments to formulate a schedule that best works for me. I found that the more input I give the AI the better the results but I have to be careful to not give to much information that it over looks my prompts. 

Week 3
This week I used AI while working on the assignments to refresh my memory on strip functions and how to implement/discard case sensitivy. I did not use AI to complete any of the exercises. Here are my AI chat links: https://chatgpt.com/share/68d88c4a-fb1c-800e-b4a9-3416e11f9274 

Also, I did use AI to help with summarizing my notes for another course to test my knowledge. I found that there are several applications that can change my notes into flashcards and other tools and that again if prompted thoroughly the information is kept coherent and on topic.
 
Week 4
This week I used AI while working on assignments to clarify what mistakes I might be making on my code and how to avoid it in the future. Here are my chat links: https://chatgpt.com/share/68e30593-91f0-800e-9bfc-4ef91e3c8a76
I think that this helps guide users without taking away the learning aspect, using specific prompts for questions and using the given examples losely we can better take advantage of AI as a learning tool. 

Week 5
This week I did not use AI while working on the exercises at all. But as for my experiences with AI I used it to help guide me to prepare for midterms. I used ChatGPT and uploaded my lecture notes of my course and asked it to make detailed digital flashcards to help me study and I also asked it to quiz me about topics. I found that this is a great tool and using A.I to learn is a great way to integrate it into my academics. 

Week 6 
This week I did use AI while working on the excercises briefly to de bug an error in my code. I copied by code in and the error message to which the AI told me that I had intially misspelled the variable so when I was calling in later in the program the correct spelling did not to equate to anything. It really helped because when just staring at small font text slight mistakes like that are easy to miss. 

Week 7
This week I did not use AI while working on the excercises. I did use it to trouble shoot errors with GitHub regarding merging my teammates and I code together. I asked ChatGPT for help with trying different approaches to manually merge the code which eventually worked and even prompted me to set up a system to better access and manage changes in the future. 

Week 8 
This week I did use AI while working on the exercises for help with some errors I was facing. I found that prompting the AI with the error I was recieving and the code snippet relevant to the lines that were causing the error, made the AI more targeted on accurate solutions. These are my chats: https://chatgpt.com/share/690ccf47-0640-800e-ba25-a4893ba0b2da. Using this tool makes me handle error more efficiently. 

